In the last lecture we created the sign up page.
Now I want to use it and to use it.
We have to go to the firebase back end and we get this authentication area.
Now right now authentication is not enabled in our project.
So we have to set up a sign in method to enable it.
And here you can choose from a couple of different providers.
But for our own authentication like we're building it only the first one may be chosen email and password
authentication click Enable your and then save.
And now you should be able to send create new users or assign users in requests to the backend.
That means that now we can start sending this request in our front end and to send it forward the often
dictation related things I will actually use the firebase SDK.
The reason for this is that there is no great rest API from firebase side for this.
So I will use the SDK.
Of course in your app where you might use a different back end you will probably use the normal HTP
servers we used before like in the data storage service to send the request with the off indication
data and where you will then get this token as part of the response and you will have to store just
token.
For example in local storage manually.
Now to use firebase with the SDK we can simply install the firebase package by running NPM STOL minus
minus save firebase.
This will pull down the latest version it added to our project.
It should also automatically give us some typescript libraries so that we can this directly in our typescript
code.
And with that added We need some kind of extra service don't we.
So I will add a new service in the off file.
I will name it of service.
This should be the service which has the methods we will call for creating users signing users in and
so on.
So here we'll export a clause which will name off service and for now all I want to create here is the
sign up user method I expect to get an email address here which is a string and a password which will
be a string.
This is the method I want to call to sign a user up.
Now as I said we're going to use the firebase SDK and order it to be able to use the firebase SDK.
We need to configure it we should configure it at the point of time our app starts.
So a good place would be in the app component in it.
Hook.
So I'll add the on in that hook here and therefore call N-G on in it here and now I want to import firebase.
Remember we edit the package.
So here I'll add import.
Now I want to import everything from the firebase package under the firebase alias.
So from firebase and now an engine in it I can execute firebase.
And here you can call initialize app initialize epos a method which expects to get a javascript object
as an argument and this object can be retrieved from our back end.
If you click on a web set up here it will retrieve your credentials.
We only need the off domain an API Ickey though as a side note of course I will delete my project after
recording so no need.
And noting my credentials here I will simply add these two key value pairs and with that firebase the
STK should be initialized at the point of time you start your app or it will get initialized.
At this point of time I should say so we're all set to now implement our sign up method.
Let's do this in the next lecture.